Your app logo
Thunderbolt Report card page for Thunderbolt
thunderbold.vercel.app/manifest.webmanifest

Premium Indian Denim — Built for the Bold

Share score
Last tested seconds ago 

retest site
Package For Stores

Download Test Package

Available stores:

WindowsiOSAndroid
Action Items

0

0

4

9
Manifest
PWABuilder has analyzed your Web Manifest and your manifest is ready for packaging! We have identified recommended and optional fields that you can include to make your PWA better. Use our Manifest Editor to edit and update those fields.

Edit Your Manifest
Manifest Documentation

arrow

Service Worker
PWABuilder has analyzed your Service Worker, and has identified additional features you can add to make your app feel more robust.

valid result indicator
Has Service Worker

valid result indicator
Has Logic


Periodic Sync


Background Sync


Push Notifications

valid result indicator
Offline Support

Generate Service Worker
Service Worker Documentation


App Capabilities
PWABuilder has analyzed your PWA and has identified some app capabilities that could enhance your PWA

valid result indicator
Shortcuts


File Handlers

valid result indicator
Launch Handler


Protocol Handlers

valid result indicator
Share Target


Widgets


Edge Side Panel

valid result indicator
Window Controls Overlay


Tabbed Display


Note Taking

App Capabilities documentation

arrow
WhatPwaCanDo.today

arrow     Action Items

Specify whether you want users to use your PWA or your native app.

O

4

+ 9

>

Specify your native app ID by adding related_applications to your manifest.

>

Let users know what ages your app is designed for by adding an IARC rating to your manifest.

A

Enable your PWA to navigate to additional domains or subdomains by adding scope_extensions to your manifest.

>

Let users open files with your PWA by adding file_handlers to your manifest.

>  Let your app handle protocols like mailto: or sms:, or custom protocols like web+mypwa:, by adding protocol_handlers to your manifest.

+

Let users add your app as a widget.

Make your app pinnable to the sidebar by adding edge_side_panel to your manifest.

Let users open multiple tabs within your PWA by adding tabbed to your manifest's display_override.

Register as a notes app to integrate with the OS's note-taking capabilities.  Let users open multiple tabs within your PWA by adding tabbed to your manifest's display_override.

Register as a notes app to integrate with the OS's note-taking capabilities.

Show data to your users instantly by adding periodic background sync to your service worker.

Make your app resilient to poor network connections by adding Background Sync to your service worker.

Re-engage users with timely notifications by adding push notifications to your service worker.  