Okay, listen to me properly. In this project, I need help from you. First things first, the thing is, I had added a Kurta section. The Kurta section should have been added in after the t-shirt section. Okay, let me tell you from the start what all changes I want in this. First, what I want you to do is, in the website, at top, there is a section which is of view all brands. So in that, I want you to make the background color more brighter and more engaging. Okay, for that view all brands banner properly. I want you to make the background color bright properly. Then, what I want you to do is, I want you to add the Kurta section. The thing is, I had told you to add the Kurta section in another chat, but I don't know what was the issue. It didn't get added. So make sure to add the Kurta section after the t-shirt collection section. Now, the catch with the Kurta section is, currently in the homepage of this website, all of these categories which are there, all of these sections which are there, these sections can contain only categories, right? But the Kurta section, this section is gonna be a bit different because the Kurta section is gonna be like, in this Kurta section, we will be directly adding products. There won't be any categories. You have to directly add products. So I hope you understand what I mean to say. I am telling you again that the Kurta section should be added after the t-shirt collection section and the Kurta section is not as same as the other sections. The Kurta section is different. The Kurta section will contain the products directly. It won't contain any category or something. Okay, so I hope you understand what I mean to say. Then in the admin panel, it was like I tried adding a product and I tried adding that product to the Kurta section dropdown. I mean, I clicked on the dropdown and I selected the Kurta section, but it didn't get added. So this is an overall fuck up. Make sure to like, fix all of these Kurta section shit properly as mentioned. And then what I want you to do is, I want you to make the analytics tab of the admin panel completely responsive for mobiles. Currently, it is like, the analytics tab is like kind of the graphs are fucked up in the mobile. Try to like make this whole admin panel completely responsive and usable for mobiles if possible. Okay, make sure to not fuck up any other functionnality okay and ahh see I wanted you to tell one more thing. See, this is like, this is my different account. I had told you to like add a purchase price and a selling price. So yeah, you did add it. But I just wanted to give you one clarity regarding this thing. See, first, it was like, we had hardcoded a particular logic. Now, I don't remember what percentage was that, but we had decided that whatever price the admin will enter, we have to like add 30 to 40% of whatever percentage I had added and it will like directly add the MRP automatically. But from now, we are changing this. See, till now, whatever we have done with that hardcoded thing, let those prices be there as a backup and whenever the admin decides to add the purchase price of a particular product, just make sure to like update it properly, okay? So, all I have wanted to explain to you is, use that as a fallback, but make sure that if the admin enters the purchase price, the official new purchase price, then make sure to add that, okay? So yeah, this was just for your clarity. Then what I want you to do is, like, see, whatever code you are writing, however you are doing it, it is up to you, but make sure that whatever code you are writing is properly sorted, maintainable, scalable, non-cluttery, non-messy, okay? So just make sure to, like, follow the best industry practices while writing this code. Take your time, but please do it properly as mentioned.