Okay, in this website of Thunderbolt, I want you to make some changes for me. Now, let me list down all of the changes that I want you to make for me. Okay? So, first thing first, what I want you to do is that in that, in the brands poster or brands banner, I want you to make it more thinner. Okay? And I want you to increase the width of it, reduce the padding which is being applied to the left and right side of it. So, like, it is like in mobiles, it's like the changes what I need are mainly in mobiles. I want you to make it like more thinner in the height point of view and make it more wider from a width point of view. Okay? So I hope you understood this. And yeah, make sure that there is like literally zero padding from left and right side to this brands banner. Okay? Then, what I want you to do is, I want you to reduce the space which is below the promo banner, the two promo banners of 999 and 699. In that, below it, there is a lot of empty spacing which is eating it up. We don't need that spacing. Remove that space. It is like really very, very unnecessary. Okay? Then what I want you to do is, I want you to like, there is a problem in the brands logo functionality. It is like the admin has uploaded the logo of the brand in the admin panel, but on the store side, in the brands tab, the logo of the brands is not visible. See what's wrong and fix this properly. Then, what I want you to do is, I want you to like fix the price thing in this properly. The issue is that on the store, at the bottom of the store, the kurta section, it is like we are showing the price at the center and it is kind of weird. See, in the kurta section, what I want you to do is that in the kurta section, we are directly adding products. Usually, what happens is, apart from this kurta section, rest of the sections have categories and then we had added products. So the way the products are displayed inside the categories, that is the exact way I want you to display the kurta products in the kurta section properly. Okay, because we are not adding any category and like, just make sure because it is the card, the product cards are looking really very, very weird. So just make sure to like edit them in such a way that it is a category, it is like, it is opened inside a category section and it is listed that proper way. Okay, so I hope you understand this one, understood this one. Then, another update that I want from you is that in the t-shirts section, the t-shirt section is like, I mean to say, in the t-shirts and the kurtas, see, if you see that what we have done is, for the sizes, we have added a default kind of thing that 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, this is the type of sizes that we have added. But for t-shirts, this doesn't work this way. Okay, so for t-shirts, when the admin selects t-shirt as a product, I mean to say, whenever adding a product, the admin clicks the t-shirt in the drop-down menu, just make sure to change the sizing labels as... S meaning small, M meaning medium, L meaning large, XL meaning extra large, and XXL meaning whatever it means. So yeah, this is the sizing that I want you to do. S, M, L, XL, and XXL. This is the sizing that I want you to put for t-shirts and as well as for the kurtas also. Same goes for kurta. So keep the jeans thing intact. I mean, keep the jeans, keep the jeans sizing intact as 28, 30, or whatever it was. Just let it be as it is. All I want you to update is that for t-shirts, the size should be categorized as S, M, L, XL, XXL, and same goes for kurtas, S, M, L, XL, XXL. So I hope that you understood what all I have said. Take your time. Make this happen properly. And while coding and updating all of these, make sure that you don't leave any bugs, glitches, errors, and just make sure that whatever code you are writing is maintainable, scalable, efficient, like a super senior developer. Okay? Take your time, but make this happen properly without any bugs or glitches.and without breaking any working funcitonality okay 